By the way, your world
If you leave something on an item
Whose imprint belongs to
What should I do? You're talking about taking pictures, right?
Yeah!
What does this night mean?
This night is our world
The oldest photo gesture
Learn from me
Yeah, not bad.
elder sister
Isn't that so unfair to you?
Oh, it's okay.
I'm rotten everywhere
So?
If you want to talk, talk about it. Anyway, I'll be there in the future.
I'll protect you.
Hey, you do look exactly the same
Let me see other places are different, sister.
Since you want to learn the sword
You must first become a swordsman and a sword to achieve the unity of man and sword
I want to see how your swordsmanship is first
Connected for several years
Ten years
Don't you want to learn swordplay with this old man?
When did your swordsmanship touch the old man's first foot?
The old man will pass on your swordsmanship
Stiff wrist
The power of first sight is too full and too hasty
At a glance, it is what happened to the swordsman who ended up
come again
Go you
What have I achieved in ancient times?
Brat, what's wrong with my pants?
OK
He is so cute!
Practice until you shut up
Ye Xian is awesome
Even so, the old man does what he says
But before I teach you swordsmanship
You are responsible for the food and clothing expenses of me and the fair two
Grandpa, we eat alone
Or as the old saying goes
Hmm, what's your favorite meal?
Of course there is steamed lamb
Steamed bear paw steamed deer tail
Roast duck roast chicken
Braised Pork with Roasted Goose Seeds
Braised duck sauce chicken bacon pine flower belly
Steamed Babao Pig Sauce Rice Stuffed Duck Jar Pheasant Him
Are you reporting the name of the dish?